---
id: premium
title: Premium Tier
slug: /getting-started/premium
---

**[If your club is accepting online payments then you are already considered premium tier.](/docs/getting-started/premium)**

## What is Premium Tier?

Premium tier clubs gain access to the non-essential but convenient benefits and features listed here.

**There is no obligation to join premium tier. All clubs retain access to Curling IO's core functionality regardless.**

If your club is not accepting online payments there will be an option to purchase one year of premium access for your club.
Upon purchase, premium features are unlocked for all of your club's users.

- Only purchasable by clubs who are NOT accepting online payments.
- Not a subscription and will not auto-renew.
- Need to purchase it again every year to continue using premium features.
- There is a 2 month window where you can re-purchase before it expires, and have another year added to your expiry date.
- **There are no refunds for premium tier.**

### Why have a Premium Tier?

Our premium tier features and benefits all have an outsized cost, whether it's infrastructure or support.
Since nothing is actually free, we have to pay for this using revenue generated by our paying clubs.
Essentially the free option is subsidized by our paying clubs.

That being said, we firmly believe that having a functional free option of Curling IO is important, and this means we must keep our operating costs to a minimum.
We believe that having a premium tier to limit our costs is a fair solution, since none of these premium features are essential to benefit from Curling IO.

We also want to build new, potentially resource intensive features without worrying about how much it will cost us to offer them for free.


## Premium Tier Benefits


### Priority Support

Premium tier clubs are prioritized when submitting support tickets.


### Waitlisting

Premium tier clubs can enabled waitlists for their leagues, competitions, and products.

[See our Waitlist documentation to learn more.](/docs/club-management/waitlists)


### Draw Schedule Templates

Premium tier clubs will be able to create their own custom draw schedule templates.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete your existing templates, however you won't be able to create new templates until regaining premium access.

All clubs can choose from and use existing templates when creating their draw schedules, regardless of premium status.

[See our Draw Schedule Templates documentation to learn more.](/docs/event-management/draw-schedule-templates)


### Bracket Templates

Premium tier clubs will be able to create their own custom playoff bracket templates.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete your existing templates, however you won't be able to create new templates until regaining premium access.

Premium tier clubs can choose from and use existing templates when creating their brackets.

[See our Bracet Templates documentation to learn more.](/docs/event-management/bracket-templates)


### Advanced Scoring (End Scores)

Premium tier clubs will be able to captures scores for each end in their events should they choose to.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete your existing end scores, however you won't be able to toggle on end scores for your events or enter new end scores until regaining premium access.

All clubs are able to score their games, but they won't be able to capture scores for the individual ends without premium access.

[See our Scores documentation to learn more.](/docs/event-management/scores)


### Sponsors

Premium tier clubs will be able to create and display sponsors for their events.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete your existing sponsors, however they won't be displayed and you won't be able to create new sponsors until regaining premium access.

[See our Sponsors documentation to learn more.](/docs/club-management/sponsors)


### Alerts

Premium tier clubs will be able to create and display alerts to their members.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete your existing alerts, however they won't be displayed and you won't be able to modify or create new alerts until regaining premium access.

[See our Alerts documentation to learn more.](/docs/club-management/alerts)


### MailChimp Integration

Premium tier clubs are able to automatically synchronize their curlers with a Mailchimp email marketing account if they choose to.
This includes tagging curlers with the events they are registered for.
This integration allows clubs to send out targetted email campaigns, like announcing upcoming events.

If your club loses premium access, synchronization will be paused until you regain premium access.

Even without premium tier access, clubs are able to download curler profiles to manually import into email marketing tools like Mailchimp.


### Purchase Notifications

Premium tier clubs will be able to add one or more email addresses to leagues, competitions, and products to be notified of a purchase.
This is mainly used for rental leagues when you want to notify a third party of registrations.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete these email addresses, however they will no longer receive email notifications. Re-gaining premium access will resume notifications.

[See our Notifications documentation to learn more.](/docs/club-management/leagues#notification-email)


### PDF Attachments to Pages

Premium tier clubs will be able to upload PDFs to their pages.

If your club loses premium access, we won't delete your existing PDFs, however they won't be displayed and you won't be able to upload new PDFs until regaining premium access.


### Participant Scoring

Premium clubs can enable participant scoring for their leagues and competitions.
Participant scoring means that curlers themselves will be able to login and score games they are participating in.

[See our Leagues and Competitions documentation.](/docs/club-management/leagues#participant-scoring)


### Venue / Ice Booking

Premium clubs can setup venues and specify their availability to take online bookings in our custom calendar application.

[See our Calendar documentation.](/docs/club-management/calendar)

### Quick Books Online Integration

**COMING SOON**


### Team Communication Features

**COMING SOON**
